but Jobe answered how have you helped
him who is without power
how have you saved the arm that has no
strength
how have you counseled one who has no
wisdom and how have you declared sound
advice to many
to whom have you uttered words and whose
spirit came from you the dead trembled
those under the waters and those
inhabiting them she all is naked before
him and destruction has no covering he
stretches out the north over empty space
he hangs the earth on nothing he binds
up the water in his thick clouds if the
clouds are not broken under it he covers
the face of his throne and spreads his
cloud over it he drew a circular horizon
on the face of the waters at the
boundary of light and darkness the
pillars of heaven tremble and are
astonished at his rebuke he stirs up the
sea with his power and by his
understanding he breaks up the storm by
his spirit he adorned the heavens his
hand pierced the fleeing serpent indeed
these are the mere edges of his ways and
how small a whisper we hear of him
but the thunder of his power who can
understand
[Music]